Run basic implementation of AF_XDP/eBPF (#180)
OpenVisualCloud/Media-Communications-Mesh: media-proxy/README.md

-t, --tcp=port_number   Port number for TCP socket controller (defaults: 8002).
```

#### Run media-proxy using `native_af_xdp`

To use media-proxy with the native `af_xdp/ebpf` device a device name should be provided with the `native_af_xdp:` prefix, for example `media-proxy --dev native_af_xdp:ens259f0np0`.

> Notice that device must have a preassigned IP address and `--ip` parameter will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that the device must have a pre-assigned IP address. The `--ip` parameter is not applied in this mode.
```

> [!CAUTION]

> > `MtlManager`, from Media-Transport-Library `manager` subdirectory, must be running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `MtlManager`, from Media-Transport-Library `manager` subdirectory, must be running.
```

> > Only device physical function with preconfigured IP address can be used for `native_af_xdp` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Only a device physical function with a preconfigured IP address can be used for the `native_af_xdp` mode.
```

> > Only a device physical function with a preconfigured IP address can be used for the `native_af_xdp` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Only a device physical function with a pre-configured IP address can be used for the `native_af_xdp` mode.
```
